hey guys it's rose from the channel
kallen rose and today hey I was here I
was inside okay don't call anything
she took medicine but before I get on
with the show - why is he shout out how
we just thought but well not just go but
we did check our notifications right now
a shout out to you Sabrina
w we have followed your instagrams your
Instagram so yeah go first can you link
in description her Instagram will be
linked in the description below so yeah
but I just wanted to say that so shout
to you to me to W and your Instagram
will be links below so everyone go
follow her she is a toggle it's um
awesome yeah she's big I'm a car
fashionista but she has some really good
pick actually this yeah as good as
Callie's let's say and you know what
good as Callie her booth I thought it's
as good a theory
I'll probably okay
I love our y'all's mail don't forget to
give it a huge thumbs up
come back subscribe down below to join
our fan good guy your patient man to
become a part of our notification squad
no oh yeah going down low what me what I
should do is cats not well but what mean
Callie should do or what I should do
because I don't know how long she's
gonna feel like this but the first thing
I'm going to do is the YouTube survey
just to improve our account
Zoe you guys like it
people will like it so first is this is
a really dumb question do you like
YouTube release to get what looks like
is the YouTube channel and obviously you
do because you have YouTube you have to
have YouTube channel to subscribe but if
you do tell us what is and if we are
able to we'll check it out because we're
usually just usually you just ask each
other and being stupid always okay yeah
so number three is are able to listen
are you able to subscribe if you are
just top down below and if you don't
know so if you're able to subscribe you
can just click Subscribe and to
subscribe button it subscribe button and
it will say subscribe like you're
suspect and I will bring you to like
just click the bell and you'll be able
to comment if you can't if you can't
subscribe like me you click the
subscribe button it brings you to well
just for me I don't know about other
people depending on what kind of pewter
or what kind of um don't they have um it
usually brings you to Google and then
you have to put it in like your email or
your neighbors on edge yes it's on your
phone or email you click Next
but you don't know your password and
your password basically makes you able
to describe it subscribe so if you can't
do that just tell us in the comment down
below
number four is what kind of video is
doing because you don't want me making
trash that you won't want that you won't
love you cuz we're long to making
anything trashy like that you guys don't
think it's entertaining so tell us what
you like to watch and make it
appropriate
yeah number five is do you like our
YouTube channel
um and what prevents do you think we
should make test we are going to make
improvements but right now we don't have
the technology okay we don't have a
camera it's breezy a computer can't we
will out know if she knows we don't know
[Music]
but we are going to exceed your changes
right now we just don't have all
symphonies
so what I'm going to be doing today is
in Z what's on my iPhone challenge ok so
again it so once you come into my home
screen you see a group of chubby it's
not really directly but my teeth looked
ugly that's all I'm gonna say
and it's in shape but my teeth look ugly
so right bye but I'm not gonna change it
because I'm able to go to school some
help and like really soon there's gonna
be like Beverly I mean schools in a
month but somehow we need to bring your
phones as to keep your in case it gets
lost it's not gonna get lost
I'm good at that sometimes all I do is
drop it on the carpet right yes like a
man then you cut fun you see my know
none of these apps are sponsored my
iPhone is obviously not sponsor user she
is not sponsored yeah look no actually I
have a mess on our sponsor Georgia and
what I am going to tell you about one of
the really cool ones I have which I
recently downloaded if you recommend it
to me but it's not sponsored I just
really like the app help people like me
it's anchor juice so I'm I get that a
lot
but as you can tell just gonna move that
up to a different place
or you can't see it yet only I can see
you so I ended up as you can tell I'm
just going to scroll that up because
Episode II I have all that stuff and I
wait for us and blow that and you don't
care about that I know and then I have a
little disjunct
I can't delete it like I can't donate
watch powerful one well most of this
stuff I can't do it like like a catalyst
I can't really um why not like I can't
deliver it um uh health like I don't
like the help you so near but I can't
delete it not talking to you yeah you're
gonna have and I'm doing my brightness
down good I hate I cook on Isaac until I
have Instagram musically and YouTube you
can probably guess that my all-time
favorite is this this and then that
those are assays most and I have all
that another jump that I never used
literally the only thing that I use on
this page most often is probably the
settings and Safari I don't use the
phone I just use Siri I'm too lazy that
literally the only thing I use is
probably settings two o'clock cuz people
well it's not people teachers say
teachers say oh well you didn't you go
to school
did you not learn how to read a circular
clock so I'm just answering that that's
Lily oh I just told me eighth graders
and
but very the apps I don't eat literally
the only ass I use our power settings
clock in Safari does not always tell
figures on this page okay so we go here
we see that I have some useless junk
here - well not really that useless
actually use some of this stuff
suprisingly well you're probably the
only app that I don't use is find
friends well I should store TV and mail
because it's so annoying but I didn't
till I have episode the amazing world of
realistic non-realistic where it's cool
I just have that boring stuff and I'll
have my App Store on a lonely page
because I don't know why I haven't put
on a page you just feels very tight on
page okay finally the apps that you I
hope you open ways that I have the way
for this video is not sponsored I'm just
showing you the app because I think it's
awesome
because I just downloaded your local
thank you that's Cali first okay wait
it's called calm calm calm
I said calm I said can't say anyway so I
can say you can't say wolf okay
well usually you say look what she's
done hug say how much braces she is I
don't I'm not going off yourself now I
saw a skittle youth I have calm it's a
really really cool calm
I'm not saying calm I'm saying
Oh Donna savage rabid
okay so calm you open them you open the
app just take a deep breath
it literally won't open unless you do
that do you think I scare us to stuff
you can change the thing I don't think
it's actually spinning that fast unless
I'm just doing what you can't I'm sorry
if I love ugly but you just have some
sass line I have an app what called
white noise actually does sound um I've
actually worked with it will my
soon-to-be stepmom Linda not sponsor
told me about this app when Jordan will
play on his yes for and I could sign up
her brother though they have like
different noises you can make and I'll
turn this down and they have different
noises only this is the one I usually
listen to it's like a terrifying
halftime no she's always gonna go flying
but they also have next one oh I get
this heavy rain
[Music]
the Saudis and thankfully wind fire and
water the city basically think right
noises yeah I mixed the airplane and
rain okay well I'm gonna go back to
dying now oh okay this is so not okay so
I personally I think the cool thing
about this app I haven't tried it yet
but you course just a little mountains
day I can't click alright
you see the scenes the old era
magnificent stuff very down here well
not really down there but right here
I then slice down outside they up you
put that on its go star I put that on
listen to you and you feel like change
your sounds like like Sounders
I mean it sounded okay like chunks that
beach I smell like a section blue top
but I personally like Mountain Lake so I
do not like it but I do so they have a
daily call I can't use it because I have
to buy stuff and I don't do that what
would you do if you click on this person
oh my god I'm sorry I'm losing my dog
I'm like thanks I'm all ears pricked up
say that if you go to this person go to
this person look you will see all this
stuff has a date it has this stuff that
I can't use but it has like longest
streak time meditating tall sessions and
then I haven't done anything because
I'll meet you
yes but shy demonstrate fun Oh sigh damn
straight from the breeds meditative
sleep well I'm gonna just demonstrate it
just I'm not going to demonstrate
because I'm going to use the one I'm
actually meeting so 2006 is so pretty
and you just test usually you just have
both of it but that's all I have on that
song and I do recommend
I just forget to recommend something I
did forget to recommend something that
this very well I think this like you
might have said this video is not
sponsored by anything and but if you do
like me and correct people calling that
you have anger issues
Akki mainly what claim against a curse
not so that is you know I was talking
you cleaned up anger issues well she
thinks I have anger issues
sighs sighs sighs history in her dreams
and reality and I'm not like I actually
did that stuff to her I and I and I
regret it anyway so yeah but I do um
again this is not sponsored but I do
recommend the calm app to people like me
apparently have anger issues and like
don't really not control them because
usually if I get angry old some these
are all ghost digit and I'll be fine or
I'll I use this one as younger I used to
just pinch myself and I'd be like I feel
better but like calming music right now
that's a really good deal but I do hurt
my rich people who are like me have
anger issues because it had and I am so
thankful to because I do not get legit I
cannot sleep like I don't know what is
wrong with me I cannot
please it's not just because of my
brother not just because I'm not just
because of being Donna but it has but
being serious now
it has a sleep that has a sleep setting
I'm going to try it out tonight see
what's like maybe try it out around you
enjoy but yeah
it has meditating which I think actually
helps really really well
sick lose your mind because if you're
someone like me like probably can't
sleep tonight because you just thinking
about so many things you just thinking
like oh I'm just giving an example of
someone it's just random like oh I
really should just like come over say hi
to me talk to me
yeah example good that so just like it
is hopefully clear in your mind and
here's something like me I don't know if
the dishes dishes this just happens to
me but I you always have a song running
through your head
love it thank you Ellie I'd like you
cannot places like this are just playing
your try and clear your mind but a song
just stuff in your head I know I just
try to taking the word and focus on like
Louis I know he's making machine because
I well baby I was exposed to a vacuum
cleaner up through a vacuum cleaner I
just like with noise now can't blame me
but anyways to meditate look it gets
things out of your mind like this and
I'm just for committing this like
apparently if you the song that's wrong
to remind you can't get it out of your
mind just play the entire song through
because it's
because your brain thinks it's like an
unfinished assignment just put the hose
on through and it'll be gone but firstly
I don't think that's true out to get
work I haven't tried it I just don't
think that works because like you're
smart enough to know what I'm complete
inside talk assignment is so yeah and
first and the breeze I don't know what
that is I'm guessing like breathing
exercises actually did have to do that
when I was a little little little little
er because I had like I I don't know why
I just had to do it but breathing oh
yeah a lot because of her line I wrote
me start video oh yeah let's get to
subscribe to a channel locations to
picking up our girls kitchen school just
a your thumbs up come to with our next
recipe and copyright got my copyright
what SJ palm same so Chloe from Jake
Paul down on the faders and hazards like
peace out